dnd_classes = {
    "Barbarian": [
        "Path of the Berserker",
        "Path of the Totem Warrior",
        "Path of the Battlerager",
        "Path of the Ancestral Guardian",
        "Path of the Storm Herald",
        "Path of the Zealot",
        "Path of the Beast",
        "Path of Wild Magic"
    ],
    "Bard": [
        "College of Lore",
        "College of Valor",
        "College of Glamour",
        "College of Swords",
        "College of Whispers",
        "College of Eloquence",
        "College of Creation"
    ],
    "Cleric": [
        "Knowledge Domain",
        "Life Domain",
        "Light Domain",
        "Nature Domain",
        "Tempest Domain",
        "Trickery Domain",
        "War Domain",
        "Death Domain",
        "Arcana Domain",
        "Forge Domain",
        "Grave Domain",
        "Order Domain",
        "Peace Domain",
        "Twilight Domain",
        "Solidarity Domain",
        "Strength Domain",
        "Ambition Domain",
        "Zeal Domain"
    ],
    "Druid": [
        "Circle of the Land",
        "Circle of the Moon",
        "Circle of Dreams",
        "Circle of the Shepherd",
        "Circle of Spores",
        "Circle of Stars",
        "Circle of Wildfire"
    ],
    "Fighter": [
        "Champion",
        "Battle Master",
        "Eldritch Knight",
        "Purple Dragon Knight (Banneret)",
        "Arcane Archer",
        "Cavalier",
        "Samurai",
        "Echo Knight",
        "Psi Warrior",
        "Rune Knight"
    ],
    "Monk": [
        "Way of the Open Hand",
        "Way of Shadow",
        "Way of the Four Elements",
        "Way of the Long Death",
        "Way of the Sun Soul",
        "Way of the Drunken Master",
        "Way of the Kensei",
        "Way of Mercy",
        "Way of the Astral Self"
    ],
    "Paladin": [
        "Oath of Devotion",
        "Oath of the Ancients",
        "Oath of Vengeance",
        "Oath of the Crown",
        "Oath of Conquest",
        "Oath of Redemption",
        "Oath of Glory",
        "Oath of the Watchers",
        "Oathbreaker"
    ],
    "Ranger": [
        "Hunter",
        "Beast Master",
        "Gloom Stalker",
        "Horizon Walker",
        "Monster Slayer",
        "Fey Wanderer",
        "Swarmkeeper"
    ],
    "Rogue": [
        "Thief",
        "Assassin",
        "Arcane Trickster",
        "Mastermind",
        "Swashbuckler",
        "Inquisitive",
        "Scout",
        "Phantom",
        "Soulknife"
    ],
    "Sorcerer": [
        "Draconic Bloodline",
        "Wild Magic",
        "Storm Sorcery",
        "Divine Soul",
        "Shadow Magic",
        "Aberrant Mind",
        "Clockwork Soul",
        "Pyromancer",
        "Lunar Sorcery"
    ],
    "Warlock": [
        "The Archfey",
        "The Fiend",
        "The Great Old One",
        "The Undying",
        "The Celestial",
        "The Hexblade",
        "The Fathomless",
        "The Genie"
    ],
    "Wizard": [
        "School of Abjuration",
        "School of Conjuration",
        "School of Divination",
        "School of Enchantment",
        "School of Evocation",
        "School of Illusion",
        "School of Necromancy",
        "School of Transmutation",
        "War Magic",
        "Chronurgy Magic",
        "Graviturgy Magic",
        "Order of Scribes",
        "Bladesinging"
    ],
    "Artificer": [
        "Alchemist",
        "Artillerist",
        "Battle Smith",
        "Armorer"
    ]
}
dnd_races = {
    "Aarakocra": "Bird people with a high fly speed and talons. The Monsters of the Multiverse version adds the ability to cast Gust of Wind as an innate spell.",
    "Aasimar": "Human-like beings with a celestial influence. Resistance to necrotic damage and radiant damage, plus a powerful divine transformation usable once per day.",
    "Autognome": "Automatons from space (Spelljammer) with durable metal bodies and a versatile bonus that you can add to ability checks, attacks, and saves a few times per day.",
    "Bugbear": "Terrifying goblinoid ambush predators. Long limbs give them extended reach, and Surprise Attack makes them exceptionally dangerous at the beginning of fights, especially on builds which can make multiple attacks.",
    "Centaur": "Iconic fey creatures, centaurs have excellent land speed and a great charge option which makes them thrive in melee.",
    "Changeling": "Shapeshifters with the ability to change their appearance at will, changelings have great skills and work very well in social situations.",
    "Custom Lineage": "The non-race racial option, Custom Lineage fills the gap when other options don’t meet your exact fantasy. They can also get Darkvision and a feat at first level, so they’re a great optimization option.",
    "Dhampir Lineage": "All the cool factor of vampires without actually being a vampire. See in the dark, walk on walls, and bite stuff.",
    "Dragonborn": "Draconic humanoids with an inherited breath weapon and matching damage resistance. Whether or not they have tails is a subject of fierce debate.",
    "Dwarf": "Short (compared to humans), often bearded, and durable. A fantasy staple.",
    "Elf": "Pointy ears, and a long, diverse list of subraces. Elves share a Trance trait which allows them to meditate instead of sleeping, and they frequently have access to some sort of magic via their racial traits.",
    "Fairy": "Flight and some innate spellcasting, including the ability to enlarge yourself and cast Faerie Fire.",
    "Firbolg": "Mysterious giant-kin, firbolgs can speak with plants and become briefly invisible.",
    "Genasi": "Humanoids with strong magical influence from the elemental planes. Subtypes include Air, Earth, Fire, and Water Genasi, each with unique abilities related to their element.",
    "Giff": "Gun-toting space hippos. Good at strength checks and free proficiency with firearms.",
    "Gith": "Humanoids whose in-world history dates back to a time where they were enslaved by mind flayers. Gith get some additional proficiencies, plus some psionics.",
    "Gnome": "Small, quirky, and a lot of fun story flavor. Subraces include Deep Gnome, among others, each with unique traits.",
    "Goblin": "A fantasy staple, but maybe not what you’re expecting if only because 5e’s goblins aren’t green. Exceptionally mobile, making them a great option for anyone not planning to stand still in a fight.",
    "Goliath": "Durable giant-kin with cold resistance and a unique trait to reduce damage taken a few times per day.",
    "Hadozee": "Described as ape-like, but honestly they’re more like flying squirrels. They come from space, they can use their skin flaps to glide, and they have prehensile feet.",
    "Half-Elf": "The best ability score increases in the game (+2/+1/+1), two skills, some of the Elf’s signature traits, and a few variant options which trade their skills for pieces of elf subraces. Among the most versatile races in the game.",
    "Half-Orc": "Between Savage Attacks and Relentless Endurance, the Half-Orc is durable and can be very threatening if you’re fishing for critical hits. They also get Darkvision and a bonus skill, which expand their options outside of combat.",
    "Halfling": "Small and lucky.",
    "Harengon": "Rabbit-like humanoids. As you might expect, they have quick reflexes and can jump great distances.",
    "Hexblood Lineage": "Humanoids heavily influenced by hags, hexbloods can do some divination via a spooky token and have innate spellcasting to disguise themselves and curse others. Hexbloods are a lineage applied on top of a base race, replacing most of your base race’s traits.",
    "Hobgoblin": "Like goblins, but taller. The original version is martially-focused, while the later version is more closely tied to the Hobgoblin’s fey origins and gains the ability to help and empower allies a few times per day.",
    "Human": "You are probably one of these. No one uses the regular human, but the variant human gets a feat! Access to a feat, and extra skill proficiency, and two +1 ability score increases has made the Variant Human the go-to for the vast majority of optimized builds.",
    "Kalashtar": "Humanoids native to the Eberron campaign setting, Kalashtar have a powerful link to the plane of dreams, and can do things like communicating telepathically.",
    "Kender": "Gnome-like creatures native to Krynn (the setting of Dragonlance), Kender have a tendency to collect random items and have a knack for mocking their foes to distract them.",
    "Kenku": "Crow people with the ability to perfectly mimick sounds.",
    "Kobold": "Small reptilian creatures related to dragons. The original version got Pack Tactics, which was cool but could cause trouble. The newer version gets to choose between a few options like a cantrip or a bonus skill.",
    "Leonin": "Lion-like humanoids with a powerful roar.",
    "Lizardfolk": "Lizard-like humanoids with durable scales and ability to bite creatures in order to heal themselves.",
    "Loxodon": "Elephant-like humanoids, Loxodons get Constitution-based natural armor and have prehensile trunks which they can use to Shove enemies.",
    "Minotaur": "Iconic bull-like humanoids, minotaurs are built for charging into melee.",
    "Orc": "Iconic fantasy humanoids, orcs have seen several variations throughout 5e’s history. The current version includes Relentless Endurance and Adrenaline Surge, making the Orc very hard to kill.",
    "Owlin": "Owl-like humanoids with the ability to fly, Darkvision, and a bonus skill.",
    "Plasmoid": "Ooze people from space.",
    "Reborn Lineage": "Humanoids who came back from the dead with most of their memories intact. Reborn are a lineage applied on top of a base race, replacing most of your base race’s traits.",
    "Satyr": "Goat-like humanoids dating back to real-world Greek myths, satyrs get bonus skills and proficiencies in instruments, can jump long distances, and are resistant to magic.",
    "Shifter": "Humanoids closely related to lycanthropes, shifters can 'shift', taking on some beast-like traits temporarily.",
    "Simic Hybrid": "Humans magically augmented with animal parts, giving them access to cool abilities like clawed hands and the ability to spit acid.",
    "Tabaxi": "Cat-like humanoids with great speed, clawed hands, and bonus skills.",
    "Thri-Kreen": "Four-armed mantis-like humanoids from space and/or from the Dark Sun setting. Thri-kreen also have natural armor and can communicate telepathically.",
    "Tiefling": "Humanoids with fiendish influence, tieflings are typically resistant to fire and get some innate spellcasting. Tiefling variants introduced options to change your traits.",
    "Tortle": "Turtle-like humanoids, tortles have durable shells which work in place of armor and get bonus skill proficiencies.",
    "Triton": "Amphibious humanoids native to the ocean with some innate spellcasting and the ability to talk to creatures with swim speeds.",
    "Vedalken": "Intellectual, blue humanoids with advantage on mental saves and a bonus to some skill and tool checks.",
    "Verdan": "Plant-like humanoids with magical blood and limited telepathy. They grow in size after a few levels.",
    "Warforged": "Magical robots! Very durable and extremely cool.",
    "Yuan-Ti": "Humanoids with some snake-like traits, yuan-ti are resistant to both poison and magic and can magically charm snakes.",
}

dnd_class_descriptions = {
    "Barbarian": "Warriors of the wild, Barbarians channel their primal rage to become unstoppable forces on the battlefield. With unmatched physical prowess and indomitable will, they carve paths of destruction through their enemies.",
    "Bard": "The quintessential performers, Bards wield the magic of music and storytelling. Their melodies can heal wounds, inspire allies, and bring despair to their foes. Masters of charm and wit, they navigate the world with ease.",
    "Cleric": "Devout and powerful, Clerics are the mortal intermediaries of the divine. Through their faith, they channel divine spells to protect, heal, and smite. Guardians of the sacred, they stand as beacons of light in the darkest times.",
    "Druid": "Keepers of the natural order, Druids wield the powers of nature itself. From summoning storms to transforming into mighty beasts, their connection to the natural world makes them versatile allies and formidable foes.",
    "Fighter": "Masters of martial combat, Fighters excel in physical confrontations. Whether as noble knights or cunning mercenaries, their proficiency with weapons and tactics allows them to adapt and overcome any challenge.",
    "Monk": "Monks are the masters of inner strength, channeling their ki to perform superhuman feats. With disciplined training, they hone their bodies and minds to perfection, becoming deadly weapons in their own right.",
    "Paladin": "Holy warriors bound by sacred oaths, Paladins blend martial prowess with divine magic. Their unwavering conviction empowers them to smite the wicked and shield the innocent, serving as beacons of hope against encroaching darkness.",
    "Ranger": "Rangers are the vigilant guardians of the wilderness, adept at tracking prey and setting traps. With a deep connection to the land and its creatures, they excel in navigating and surviving the most treacherous terrains.",
    "Rogue": "Masters of stealth and cunning, Rogues thrive in the shadows. Skilled in deception and surprise, they can be charming allies or deadly adversaries, always with an ace up their sleeve.",
    "Sorcerer": "Born with innate magical power, Sorcerers channel arcane energy through sheer force of will. Their unpredictable magic makes them volatile and powerful allies, capable of altering the fabric of reality.",
    "Warlock": "Warlocks forge pacts with otherworldly entities, exchanging servitude for supernatural power. With their dark patrons' gifts, they unleash eldritch spells and forbidden knowledge upon the world.",
    "Wizard": "Scholars of the arcane, Wizards seek knowledge that will allow them to unlock the secrets of the universe. Through meticulous study, they master spells of all kinds, wielding magic with precision and creativity.",
    "Artificer": "Masters of invention, Artificers use ingenuity and magic to unlock extraordinary capabilities in objects. Their creations range from miraculous contraptions to formidable magical artifacts."
}
dnd_alignments = {
      "Lawful Good": "Characters believe in order and use their moral compass to benefit others. They act with compassion, always with honor and a sense of duty.",
      "Neutral Good": "Characters do what they can to help others according to their needs. They strive to do good, though without bias for or against order.",
      "Chaotic Good": "Characters act as their conscience directs, with little regard for what others expect. They value freedom and the goodness of an individual.",
      "Lawful Neutral": "Characters act in accordance with law, tradition, or personal codes. They value order but are indifferent to whether good or evil prevails.",
      "True Neutral": "Characters prefer to steer clear of moral questions and don't take sides, doing what seems best at the time. Balance is their main principle.",
      "Chaotic Neutral": "Characters follow their whims, holding their personal freedom above all else. They avoid authority, societal rules, and the concept of order.",
      "Lawful Evil": "Characters methodically take what they want, within the limits of a code of tradition, loyalty, or order. They are comfortable within a hierarchy and would use laws to achieve their own ends.",
      "Neutral Evil": "Characters do whatever they can get away with, without compassion or qualms. They are solely out for their own gain.",
      "Chaotic Evil": "Characters act with arbitrary violence, spurred by greed, hatred, or bloodlust. They have no respect for rules, other's lives, or anything but their own desires."
  }

